0609meet.md, before:

<!-- slide -->
# `FedCampus_APP` Integration, Model Generation, Telemetry

June 9

<!-- slide -->
- Started integrating `org.eu.fedcampus.train` into `FedCampus_APP`.
- Preparing to generate ML model for `FedCampus_APP`.
- Start adding telemetry to `org.eu.fedcampus.train`.

<!-- slide -->
## `FedCampus_APP` training integration

- Created `MonoRepo` to group the two repositories.
    - Declared `FedCampus_APP` and `dyn_flower_android_drf` as submodules.
    - Investigated Git submodule usage.
<!-- slide -->
- Added `org.eu.fedcampus.train` as a dependency of `FedCampus_APP` using
    relative-path import.
    - Tweaked `build.gradle` so `FedCampus_APP` could compile.
- Decided that I will write the training integration code.
    - Beilong will provide function to obtain data.

<!-- slide -->
## `FedCampus_APP` ML model generation

- Need a ML model converted to `.tflite` format for `FedCampus_APP` demo
    training.
<!-- slide -->
- Algorithm people could not give us an ML model.
    - Beilong and I are more capable in ML ⇒ we should make models for now.
- Investigated `.tflite` model generation script in Flower Android demo.
    - Tried multiple versions of Python and Tensorflow, opened issue, finally
        got it running on Beilong's machine.

<!-- slide -->
## Telemetry in `org.eu.fedcampus.train`

WIP

- Turn on/off with function call.
- Get device ID.
- Server track `TrainingSession`s.
- Client send status on training events.

<!-- slide -->
## TODOs

- Finish `FedCampus_APP` training integration.
- Generate ML model for `FedCampus_APP` demo w/ Beilong.
- Follow up with Johnny on deployment.
- Work through a first draft of telemetry system.

Commit message:

update after telemetry basic is done

0609meet.md, after:

<!-- slide -->
# `FedCampus_APP` Integration, Model Generation, Telemetry

June 11

<!-- slide -->
- Started integrating `org.eu.fedcampus.train` into `FedCampus_APP`.
- Preparing to generate ML model for `FedCampus_APP`.
- Added basic telemetry to `org.eu.fedcampus.train`.

<!-- slide -->
## `FedCampus_APP` training integration

- Created `MonoRepo` to group the two repositories.
    - Declared `FedCampus_APP` and `dyn_flower_android_drf` as submodules.
    - Investigated Git submodule usage.
<!-- slide -->
- Added `org.eu.fedcampus.train` as a dependency of `FedCampus_APP` using
    relative-path import.
    - Tweaked `build.gradle` so `FedCampus_APP` could compile.
- Decided that I will write the training integration code.
    - Beilong will provide function to obtain data.

<!-- slide -->
## `FedCampus_APP` ML model generation

- Need a ML model converted to `.tflite` format for `FedCampus_APP` demo
    training.
<!-- slide -->
- Algorithm people could not give us an ML model.
    - Beilong and I are more capable in ML ⇒ we should make models for now.
- Investigated `.tflite` model generation script in Flower Android demo.
    - Tried multiple versions of Python and Tensorflow, opened issue, finally
        got it running on Beilong's machine.

<!-- slide -->
## Telemetry in `org.eu.fedcampus.train`

- Turn on/off using function call.
- Take a `Long` as device ID.
- Server track `TrainingSession`s.
- Client send status on `FitIns` & `EvaluateIns`.

<!-- slide -->
## TODOs

- Finish `FedCampus_APP` training integration.
- Generate ML model for `FedCampus_APP` demo w/ Beilong.
- Follow up w/ Johnny on deployment.
- Make use of telemetry system.
