outreach/flwr_summit_2024/outline.md, before:

# Flower Summit FedCampus Talk Outline

- The FedCampus project
    - Description
    - Motivation
    - Research needs
        - Data access
        - Local data processing
        - Development iteration
- The FedCampus App
    - Technical requirements
        - Support Android + iOS
        - Avoid app update for deploying changes
        - Good user experience
    - Design
        - Obtaining data
        - Foreground processing
        - Flutter UI
- FedKit: FL SDK for FedCampus
    - Flower in FedKit
        - Why the Flower framework
            - Fully open
            - Android/iOS examples
        - Manage Flower servers with Django Backend
            - subprocesses & separate ports
            - Database management (ORM)
            - REST APIs
    - On-device training
        - TFLite on Android
            - Updated Android example upstream
        - CoreML on iOS
            - Bug we found: not updating model
            - ~~Limitations~~
        - Acceleration
        - Flower is agnostic to ML framework
    - Model conversion and aggregation
        - Additional model information
        - Aggregate TFLite and CoreML models

Commit message:

port back outline from slides

outreach/flwr_summit_2024/outline.md, after:

# Flower Summit FedCampus Talk Outline

- The FedCampus project
    - Description
    - Motivation
    - Research needs
        - Data access
        - Local data processing
        - Development iteration
- The FedCampus App
    - Technical requirements
        - Support Android + iOS
        - Avoid app update for deploying changes
        - Good user experience
    - Design
        - Data flow
        - Foreground processing
        - Flutter UI
- From The FedCampus to FedKit
    - Cross-platform FL
    - MLOps
    - Efficient training
- FedKit: FL SDK for FedCampus
    - FL operations on top of Flower
        - Why the Flower framework
            - Fully open & extensible
            - Android/iOS examples
    - Cross-platform model pipeline (can reduce)
        - Flow diagram
        - APIs
        - Aggregating TFLite & Core ML
    - MLOps: continuous model deployment & training
        - Manage Flower servers with Django Backend
            - subprocesses & separate ports
        - MLOps steps
